[soft music]
- [siren blaring]
- [helicopter whirring]
- [bell around neck rings]
- [panting]
[bell around neck rings]
[suspenseful music]
- [bell around neck rings]
- [panting]
[tires screeching]
- [bell around neck rings]
- [panting]
[suspenseful music]
[siren wails]
- [bell around neck rings]
- [panting]
[background chatter]
[distant gunfire]
[horn blaring]
[distant gunshots]
[tires squealing]
[gunfire]
[firing point blank]
[crashing metal]
[car engines speeding]
[gunfire]
[horn blaring]
[tires screeching]
[loud crash]
[horn blaring]
[loud clattering]
[panting]
[man laughs]
[Godlock grunts]
[gunfire]
[man shouting
in foreign language]
[gunfire]
[panting]
[man shouting
in foreign language]
[gunfire]
[machine beeps loudly]
[Godlock grunts]
[groans]
[gunshot]
[dramatic music]
[panting]
[single gunshot]
[chokes and gurgles]
- ["Silent Night" plays]
♪ Silent night
♪ Holy night
- [running footsteps]
- ♪ All is calm
- ♪ All is bright
- [panting]
- ♪ Round yon Virgin
Mother and Child ♪
♪ Holy Infant
♪ So tender and mild
♪ Sleep in heavenly peace
[whimpers]
[machine beeping]
[indistinct chatter]
[whimpers]
[heart-lung machine beeps]
[Doctor] Suction.
[machine beeping]
[sobbing]
[door closes]
[heart rate beeps,
ventilator whooshes]
[wings flapping]
[melancholy music plays]
[bird chirps]
[dramatic music]
[coughs]
[sighs]
[grunts]
[chuckles]
[shouting voicelessly]
[electronic voice]
[birds chirping]
[somber music]
[Host] [over car radio]
It's Wednesday, January 26th,
and you're listening
to 88.3 KPLP.
In just a few hours,
the Federal Reserve is
projected to raise interest
rates,
and we're told
that this is their main tool
to help lower inflation.
Can you just explain to us
the mechanics of that?
[Guest speaker] [over car
radio]Sure, sure.
So, as everyone knows,
the prices are rising...
[kids chatter and shout]
[Host's indistinct conversation
over car radio]
[Guest speaker] [over car
radio]Exactly.
And the spending...
[indistinct conversation]
the labor markets--
[tires screeching]
[car engine revs]
- -higher rate, which
obviously the government
does not want.
So, what the Fed is saying
is that if they raise
these interest rates,
if they make these commodities
such as cars and houses
actually more expensive,
then fewer people
will be able to afford them.
This will lower the demand
and give the supply the chance
to catch up,
thus [indistinct] inflation.
[Host] [over car radio]
Right. So, tell us the story
- of how we got here.
- [necklace clangs]
[Host] [over car radio]
When did all this start?
[Guest speaker] [over car
radio]So, our story starts--
[kisses]
- [tires screeching]
- [siren wails]
[Taylor giggles]
[Godlock chuckles]
[grunts]
[Taylor giggles]
[Godlock grunts]
[walking stick clanging]
[mysterious music plays]
[sobbing silently]
[sobs]
Hey, hey.
It's okay. It's okay.
[weeping copiously]
[clock strikes the hour]
[grunts in anger]
[items clattering]
- Stop it--
[paper rustles]
[paper tearing]
[gulping drink]
[chokes]
[gasps]
[mouthing] Help me.
How? [crying]
[sniffles]
[raven cawing]
[Host] [over radio]
It's Thursday, April 14th,
KPLP's Lifestyle Fridays,
Holiday Weekend Edition.
Coming up, how to make the most
of your long Easter weekend
and fun Easter egg ideas
that your kids will love.
All that--
[paper bag rustles]
[glass thuds]
[pouring drink]
[Saya tapping on keypad]
[phone dings]
[tapping on keypad]
[phone thuds]
[glass clinks]
[glass thuds]
[chair squeaking]
[music box plays]
[unsteady footsteps]
[door creaks open]
[melancholy music plays]
[music intensifies]
[sobbing]
[whimpers]
[birds chirp]
[leaves rustle]
- ["I Can't Believe
It's Christmas" playing]
♪ I can't believe
That it's Christmas ♪
♪ The best time of the year
♪ Whooa
♪ I can't believe
That it's Christmas ♪
♪ And Santa will soon be here
♪ It's such a warm
And jolly feeling ♪
♪ And Santa is someone
We all believe in ♪
♪ He's in a hurry
But don't you worry ♪
♪ Your stocking
won't be empty ♪
♪ You'll see
♪ I can't believe
That it's Christmas ♪
♪ The best time of the year
♪ Whooa
♪ I can't believe
- ♪ That it's Christmas
- [Godlock] Hey. [chuckles]
- ♪ And Santa will soon
be here ♪
- [Godlock] You wanna fly?
- ♪ Santa's working
Around the clock ♪
♪ Rudolph's running
Around every block ♪
♪ It's time for giving
- ♪ And sharing too
- [car screeches]
♪ It's the time
- ♪ When dreams come true
- [car brakes screech]
[heavy gunfire]
[Saya] [shrieks] No! No!
No! No! No! No!
[crying]
[Godlock] NO! [wails]
[Godlock screams]
[tense music plays]
[bottles clink]
[clattering]
[exhales]
[poignant music]
[blows gently]
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
[determined footsteps]
[wistful music]
[phone dings]
[approaching footsteps]
[clattering]
[phone dings]
[phone thuds]
[phone rings]
Here you go.
Thank you.
[distant siren wailing]
[camera clicks]
[cryptic music plays]
[elevator dings]
[mysterious music plays]
[paper rustles]
[dark music plays]
[metal balls click]
[grunts with effort]
[Trainer] [on video]
[indistinct] across the inside
of the forearm
stops the attacker
from grabbing you.
Otherwise his extremities will
be able to block [indistinct].
I can get inside his defense
and limit his ability.
Cut here.
Now I'm getting positive
stab and cut.
Now remember, make sure
that you twist the blade,
torquing your blade
to the left [indistinct].
Now I cut directly across,
[indistinct]
inside and around.
So I stab upwards,
causing pressure [indistinct].
Now, [indistinct] my blade out
creates a large, gaping wound.
[continues indistinctly]
[metal balls click]
[grunts]
[groaning with pain]
[♪♪♪]
[grunts]
[siren blares]
[♪♪♪]
[engine runs]
[welder spits and crackles]
[drill whirring]
[sniffles]
[bullet clangs]
[gunfire]
[welder crackling]
[suspenseful music]
[cocks shotgun]
[Police officer 1] [over radio]
Shots fired. Shots fired.
3500 North 13th.
Shots fired on the corner
of 13th and Paul.
We have shots fired.
[Police officer 2] [over radio]
Copy, 4-0.
All units, all units
North 13th.
Officer-involved shooting.
Respond with caution.
[Police officer 1] [over radio]
39th District.
3500 North 13th,
still shots fired.
Third call.
3500 North 13th.
[cocks shotgun]
[clock ticks steadily]
[sobs]
[unsettling music plays]
[door closes]
[unsettling music continues]
[grunts]
[panting]
[engine roaring]
[tires screech]
[engine revving]
[metal balls click]
[suspenseful music]
[techno music plays]
[camera whirrs]
[camera shutter clicks]
[alarm rings]
[metal balls click]
[grunts with effort]
[suspenseful music plays]
[car tires screech]
[engine revving]
[♪♪♪]
[car tires screech]
[engine revving]
[gunfire]
[metal balls click]
- ["W ♪ We wish youerry
A merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
And a happy new year ♪
[breathing heavily]
[Christmas song plays]
[phone buzzing]
[background chatter]
[unsettling music plays]
[knife clangs]
[background chatter echoes]
[breathing heavily]
[kids' laughter echoes]
[grunts]
[cackles]
[car honks]
[car engine revving]
[loud rock music on car radio]
[background chatter]
[suspenseful music plays]
[knife thwacks]
[dog barking]
[crickets chirping]
[soft thud]
[glass window slides softly]
[♪♪♪]
[Godlock grunts]
[glass shatters]
[man's muffled cries]
[door opens and closes]
[muffled cries]
[Godlock breathing heavily]
[man groans]
[gasping]
[pen thuds]
[muffled] Fuck you!
[grunts]
[panting]
[knife thwacks]
[metal clangs]
[Godlock grunts]
[winces]
[man groans]
[Godlock grunts]
[panting]
[man grunts]
[both panting]
[man screams]
[groans]
[wood creaks]
[table crashes to floor]
[metal balls click]
[suspenseful music plays]
[cocks multiple guns]
[pen scratches paper]
[pen thuds]
[door creaks open]
[music box mechanism plays]
[door creaks shut]
[melancholy music plays]
[grass rustling]
[somber music]
[paper tearing]
[loud thumps on door]
[car revving]
[hesitant footsteps]
[door opens]
[dogs barking]
[crickets chirping]
[siren blaring]
[dispatcher over radio]
[car door closes]
[paper rustling]
[suspenseful music plays]
[police dispatch over radio]
[tires screeching]
[party music plays]
[police dispatch over radio]
[woman] [shrieks] No! No!
- [whimpers]
- [punches thrown]
[woman] No, no!
[police dispatch over radio]
[woman crying]
[engine revving]
[crying]
[robber groans]
[shouts]
[tires screeching]
[screams]
[engine revving]
- [tires screeching]
- [robber screams]
[engine revving]
[Godlock grunts]
[gunfire]
[Christmas music plays]
[panting]
[puking]
- ["Blood on the Blade" playing]
♪ God's telling me
♪ Fuck your friends
♪ Fuck your enemies
[car door opens]
♪ So I look at the sky
♪ 'Cause its color is blue
♪ 'Cause I'm fucked
if I don't ♪
♪ And I'm fucked if I do
♪ Tears on the altar
♪ Blood on the blade
♪ There's blood on my blade
♪ Tears on the altar
♪ Blood on my blade
♪ There's blood on my blade
♪ There's blood on my blade!
♪ You're casting stones
- ♪ To pave your way
- [sniffs]
- ♪ Blame the preachers
You burned ♪
♪ Lightin' the way
♪ Tears on the altar
♪ Blood on the blade
- ♪ Tears on the altar
- [gunfire]
[screams]
- [man groans]
[Police officer 1]
[over radio] [indistinct]
I think it's a gang war.
I-- I need backup.
[Dispatch] [over radio]
Copy that.
Any available units
please confirm.
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[Police officer 2] [over radio]
[indistinct] 81st Street.
Shots fired.
[indistinct]
[Police officer 3] [over
radio]It's a war zone out here.
[Police officer 2] [over
radio]All units. All units.
Multiple reports of gang war.
[indistinct]
Merry fucking Christmas.
[heavy gunfire]
[man shouts]
[groans]
[Police officer]
[over radio] [indistinct]
possible gang [indistinct].
[heavy gunfire]
[whimpers, shrieks]
[Police officer 2] [over radio]
Zero-five, we have gangbangers.
We have gangbangers.
[indistinct]
[heavy gunfire]
[engine revving]
[police dispatch over radio]
- [gunshot]
- [man grunts]
[tires screeching]
[gunshots]
[techno music plays]
[grunts]
[gunshots]
[whimpers]
[police dispatch over radio]
[tires screeching]
[man shouting]
[Police officer 2] [over
radio]We need medical now!
- We need medical.
- [gunfire]
[Police officer] [over radio]
Dispatch 302.
Getting out of here.
All units, all units,
stand down.
[car engine revs]
[grunts]
[winces]
[gunfire]
[indistinct shouting]
- [gunshot]
- [grunts]
[techno music plays]
[gunshot]
[indistinct shouting]
[techno music plays]
- [Gang member groans]
- [phone rings]
[man whistles]
[Gang member panting]
[Ruiz grunts]
[car approaching]
[car engine revving]
[winding up key]
- [music box mechanism plays]
- [siren blaring]
[car engine revs]
- [car crashes]
- [car tires screech]
[engine revving]
[horn blaring]
[yelling] Move! Move!
[engine revving]
[horn blaring]
[car tires screech]
[gunfire]
[body thuds to road]
[engine revving]
[gunfire]
[car tires screech]
[motorcycle crashes]
[horn blaring]
[car engine stops]
[gunfire]
[car tires screech]
[car crashes]
[gunfire]
[car tires screech]
[engine revving]
- [car crashes]
- [glass shatters]
[motorcycle engine revving]
[gunfire]
[car tires screech]
- [metal clangs]
- [body thuds]
[panting]
[music box mechanism hiccups]
[siren blaring]
[groans]
[chokes]
[Police officer]
[over radio] 604.
[Police officer 1] [over
radio]Still taking fire.
Still shooting.
[Police officer 2] [over radio]
All units, stand down.
All units, all personnel,
stand by for new orders.
Merry Christmas.
[suspenseful music]
Unit 7617, do you copy?
[Police officer 3]
[over radio] 513.
Still need medical at
700 Third.
Both sides still firing.
[voices over radio]
- [suspenseful music plays]
- [voices over radio]
[Police officer] [over radio]
All units, all personnel,
be advised the order to
remain outside the perimeter
is still enforced.
[keys jingling]
[car engine starts]
All units, pull back.
All units, stand by
for new orders.
[car engine revs]
["Paralyzer" playing]
♪ I just wanna touch you
♪ And hold you in my hands
♪ And feel you with my hands
♪ Give everyone a chance
[whimpers]
[fire crackles]
[winding up toy machine]
[music box mechanism plays]
[phone buzzes]
[unsettling music plays]
[car engine revving]
[motorcycle engine revving]
[gate alarm blares]
[motorcycle skids]
[crash]
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[car explodes]
[Gang members screaming]
[techno music plays]
[heavy breathing]
[gangsters shout and chatter]
[footsteps thudding on stairs]
[fire crackles]
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[Gang member] [indistinct]
[gun cocks]
[speaks in foreign language]
[gunfire]
- [knife thwacks]
- [Gang member screams]
[suspenseful music]
[gunfire]
[Gang member grunts]
[Gang member] You motherfucker!
- [gunfire]
- [Gang member grunts]
[Gang member] You fucker!
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[gun cocks]
[gunfire]
[screams]
[suspenseful music]
[gun cocks]
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[panting]
[techno music plays]
[Ruiz grunts]
[Godlock groans]
[grunts]
[gunfire]
[groans]
[glass shatters]
[grunts]
[explosion]
- [bottle smashes]
- [Ruiz groans]
[gunfire]
[Ruiz screams]
[both grunting]
[techno music plays]
[panting]
[rapid gunfire]
[Ruiz grunts]
[gunfire]
[techno music plays]
[gun cocks]
[panting]
[techno music plays]
[gunfire]
[screams]
[gun cocks]
[gunfire]
[screams]
[groans]
[gunfire]
[screams]
[techno music plays]
[gun thuds]
[Venus gasps]
[techno music plays]
- [gunfire]
- [groans]
[gun thuds]
[groans]
[panting]
[techno music plays]
[gunfire]
[gunshot]
[Playa grunts]
[muffled scream]
[groans]
[music box mechanism plays]
[baby cries]
[Taylor giggles]
[applause]
[somber music]
[♪♪♪]
[music fades out]